I am so delighted to share with you how this projected of electricity supply came about.
I grow up in a small hilly village in the Northern Province of Rwanda. My village was on a hill, and more than 70 homes that are living there don't electricity up to now.

Before I started school, I would see my elder brothers and sisters at home doing housework and also digging our gardens. But when I could travel with my mother to other places, I would see other children of their age in uniforms, with books in their hands. I asked my mother why these children were wearing the same clothes and have books. She said to me "These children are from school, they are studying to become the future leaders, doctors of tomorrow. They will become very important people who will help their families and the whole nation develop and get out of poverty."

I was curious to know why these children got this chance and my elder siblings did not. So I asked my mother again that why are my elder brothers and sisters always at home and they are almost the same age as these children? You do not want them to become very important people in the future mother? Then she said to me "My son, your brothers dropped out of school because they were always performing badly. They could not get a chance to go through what they studied because they do not have electricity either at home or at school. So, they failed their primary six national exams and never got a chance to continue their studies." When I had this I told my mother that I do not want to be like my elder siblings when I get a chance to go to school because I really wanted to be a very important person in the future like those children I saw in uniforms with books in their hands.

When I started school, I was very dedicated and worked hard to achieve my goals. I passed my primary six with high grades and got a chance to go to a high school. At that school, other students were smart and looked clean with nicely cut hair. That time I saw a TV and a computer for my first time and I was so scared to touch them. When I went back home for the holidays, it was like hell to me and since then, I took the journey of bringing electricity to this village more seriously. 

After secondary, I applied to African Leadership College to pursue my passion of becoming the future leader who is going to go back to my village and my nation to get solutions we are facing including this one of electricity.

During last year's holidays, I went back to my village and I was so shocked to find that there were not even solar panels that were installed for people to use and get out of darkness. I was about to cry to see young men of my age unemployed doing useless things and taking drugs, yet if they had electricity they could start their small businesses like saloons to shave the people in the village. People walk a long distance looking for technology related services like banks, printing, and other government services that are given to them online.

To cut my story short, this Magnus Magnusson Award will be an opportunity for me to give back to my community as well as supporting my nation towards the achievement of supplying electricity to all Rwandans as wells providing a chance to youth who dropped out of school to use this electricity to start their own business instead of involving themselves in drug abuse. Honestly, electricity has been a challenge and a big issue for our nation. However, I believe I can make a big difference by bringing low cost and renewable solar-powered electricity to my local villages. Using renewable energy will be a perfect plan because the people are don't enough sources of income. Hence, it will make the beneficiaries less dependant on anybody to pay electricity bills for them. I will definitely use this project's success story to inspire other youths to do the same in their villages then we light up the country of Rwanda. 